I don't know what's with these robot
movies getting younger and younger a
little girls to try and but they're all
kind of blending in I'll be honest even
though my uncle directed the last one I
didn't really care for it it was cool
more oriental version of transformers
before transformers themselves went more
oriental but I have to give this sequel
of streaming because I guess I just love
giving those out let me explain so in
the last one it just outlook died by and
pretty much saved the world turns out
that he has a son in the second one
which didn't really appear in the first
but he's always just out partying since
it's been like a decade and everyone
thinks no other attacks are going to
happen because that's how tragedies work
there's also this young girl with no
parents living in the scrapyard
she's like a master at building things
out of scraps knows how to fight meets
up with john-boy it's ray it it's right
to point out they both end up in jail
because of shenanigans and in order to
avoid that they joined the robot
military where now he has to be a
teacher and she's a cadet again I don't
know why the fate of the world is on
kids and I don't know building an army
when you had a decade but if you
remember the last one Charlie Day keeps
like a brain from one of the kaijus and
every night he treats it like Rus you
know the most productive [ __ ] you could
do with the with the woman or with
anyone in general life is mentally [ __ ]
the [ __ ] out of them
and put them on to some new wavelengths
in new material knowledge wise so they
can use it to make their life better so
eventually it starts taking over he goes
all dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde and things
get way less sunny the kaiju brain
starts controlling the Jaeger robots
looking like Krang from the Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles it gets control of
a bunch of other Yeager's and reopens
the Pacific Rim in the ocean so other
kaijus can rip through and destroyed
things with that glacier fries Gatorade
right thing that they got going on now
you know you really got a when this dude
ends up being the guy who you dependent
on I mean no offense to my man right but
he looks like what White Walkers from
Game of Thrones would be scared of he
looks like what a haunted house feels
like it was like evil Eddie Redmayne
feels like he feasts off the skulls of
little children at this point you know
John boyega has to rally the troops of
twelve-year-olds and has to give a
speech that rivals his dad's
and he tried I mean it's just hard to
top that you know it's like the guy who
gave the speech after MLK's I have a
dream speech there's there's not much
you can do
obviously they happen to Megazords they
do that thing that the avatars did when
they connect to each other and boyega
finally does the thing he tried doing in
the last Jedi to destroy the final
colossal kaiju thousands have died but
the world is saved they lock up Charlie
day and announced that in the third one
they're going to go pay the aliens a
visit and then connect it all to
Cloverfield thank you guys for checking
out this video again a quick short one
this is one of those movies where you
just yeah at the like aliens and robots
and it's just about whether you like
seeing that on screen I think we just
gotten so many of them and other movies
have done it a bit better right like I'm
not a big fan of the transformer stories
but when it comes to the effects those
robots are real right but I'm curious to
know your thoughts on this let me know
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you your very own Yaeger